readme.md, before:

# GitHub Spray
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/github-spray.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/github-spray)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/annihil/github-spray.svg)]()

A CLI to generate sprays for your GitHub commit graph history

![](https://i.imgur.com/Of8MjPj.gif)

## Installation

```sh
npm i -g github-spray
```

## Requirement

- Git
- Recent NodeJS

## Usage

1. Create a new GitHub repository and copy its url
2. 
```sh
github-spray -t <text> --push --origin <github_repository_url>
```
(example)
```sh
github-spray -t hello --push --origin https://github.com/John/hello.git
```

```sh
github-spray --help
```

### Invert colors
![](https://i.imgur.com/2n5GIXh.png)
```sh
github-spray -t hello -i
```

### Custom pattern

To use a custom pattern, create a javascript file like follow.  
*The numbers (1 to 4) will determine the green's darkness.*
```js
module.exports = [
    '  444  ',
    ' 4   4 ',
    '4 4 4 4',
    '4     4',
    '4 444 4',
    ' 4   4 ',
    '  444  '
];
```
```sh
github-spray -f <absolute_path/to/pattern.js> ...
```

**You can use [GitHub Spray Generator](https://annihil.github.io/github-spray-generator/) to graphically draw patterns**

### Custom start date
```sh
github-spray --startdate YYYY-MM-DD ...
```
*The date will be rounded to the nearest sunday.*  
By default the start date is the nearest sunday of the current date - 53 weeks.

### Multiply every contributions
```sh
github-spray -t toto -m <factor>
```
Multiply each digits by the given factor

## Known issues
- Before Monday 10 March 2014 there could be a [shift due to the timezone](https://github.blog/2014-03-07-timezone-aware-contribution-graphs/)

Commit message:

fonts option + portable vengeance font

readme.md, after:

# GitHub Spray
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/github-spray.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/github-spray)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/annihil/github-spray.svg)]()

A CLI to generate sprays for your GitHub commit graph history

![](https://i.imgur.com/Of8MjPj.gif)

## Installation

```sh
npm i -g github-spray
```

## Requirement

- Git
- Recent NodeJS

## Usage

1. Create a new GitHub repository and copy its url
2. 
```sh
github-spray -t <text> --push --origin <github_repository_url>
```
(example)
```sh
github-spray -t hello --push --origin https://github.com/John/hello.git
```

```sh
github-spray --help
```

### Fonts
```sh
github-spray -t <text> --font <font_name>
```
(example)
```sh
github-spray -t Wald0 --font portable_vengeance
```
![](https://i.imgur.com/iF2xwwU.png)  
*Fonts available are in the fonts folder*

### Invert colors
![](https://i.imgur.com/2n5GIXh.png)
```sh
github-spray -t hello -i
```

### Custom pattern

To use a custom pattern, create a javascript file like follow.  
*The numbers (1 to 4) will determine the green's darkness.*
```js
module.exports = [
    '  444  ',
    ' 4   4 ',
    '4 3 3 4',
    '4     4',
    '4 333 4',
    ' 4   4 ',
    '  444  '
];
```
![](https://i.imgur.com/1y2cLyv.png)
```sh
github-spray -f <absolute_path/to/pattern.js> ...
```

**You can use [GitHub Spray Generator](https://annihil.github.io/github-spray-generator/) to graphically draw patterns**

### Custom start date
```sh
github-spray --startdate YYYY-MM-DD ...
```
*The date will be rounded to the nearest sunday.*  
By default the start date is the nearest sunday of the current date - 53 weeks.

### Multiply every contributions
```sh
github-spray -t toto -m <factor>
```
Multiply each digits by the given factor

## Known issues
- Before Monday 10 March 2014 there could be a [shift due to the timezone](https://github.blog/2014-03-07-timezone-aware-contribution-graphs/)
